Follow the procedure given below, to retrieve source from an apk file.
Start with renaming the extension of file from .apk to .zip (eg:rename from filename.apk to filename.apk.zip) then extract it. Then you will get files including classes.dex file. We can use the tool dex2jar for getting .jar files from the file with .dex extension.
You can download the tool from the link http://code.google.com/p/dex2jar/. Extract the files into the same folder where the classes.dex file is located.
Now open command prompt and reach to the folder where the classes.dex file is located. Then type the command
dex2jar classes.dex (for windows)
sh dex2jar.sh classes.dex (for mac)
and and press enter. Now you get classes.dex.dex2jar file in the same folder.
Now download java decompiler from http://java.decompiler.free.fr/?q=jdgui and double click on jd-gui and click on open file then open classes.dex.dex2jar file from that folder. Then you can see the source files in the jd-gui window. You can save the source files by selecting File>Save All Sources option.
Then you will get the source files as zip. We need to do one more step to retrieve correct xml files like layout files and Android-Manifest.xml file etc. For that you need another tool named "apktool v1.x". You will get it from the link http://code.google.com/p/android-apktool/. Download apktool1.5.1.tar.bz2 and dependencies according to your System OS.
Extract both and put the content in the same folder where the .apk file is located. Download framework-res.apk and put in the same location where the .apk file you want to decode is located. Now open a command window. Navigate to the directory where your .apk file is located and type the following command:
        apktool if framework-res.apk 
                         or
       sh apktool if framework-res.apk (for mac)
And then
        apktool d "fname".apk
                      or
         sh apktool d "fname".apk (for mac)
 ("fname" denotes name of the .apk file which you want to decode) .
 Now you get a file folder in that folder and now you can easily read xml files also.
That's all done. Enjoy!!!.